i constantly feel as if i am going to cry and i don't even know why i would cry. i feel frusterated. 
well i'm really lame and insecure about FRIENDSHIPS but really only one of them argh i'm sitting around waiting for laundry to finish
I used to feel like i knew stuff. now i don't feel like i know anything. what happened, where did everything go, when did i get so dumb?
Whenever i lay down to sleep i cry instead. also it's 3am what is wrong with me
kind of pissed at myself/everything
I HATE THE MOOD THAT I'M IN RIGHT NOW it's so VEGETATIVE and USELESS and i feel like a dumbass.
i'm tired and angry and i don't want to do anything or deal with anything :| i'm such a middle schooler
i am so emotional today.
I am both scared & angry at myself
i am wasting my life
i need to talk to someoneee
all these emotions are colliding
sometimes i wish i had a social life, or atleast just hung out with my friends more
sometimes i just want to take a break, and then an hour break turns into two hours, and then i'm disgusted at myself.
fuck you school thanks for putting all the shit people in my classes & not my friends
junior year you make everything too real; but probably because it is, oops
tumbling in a world of despair
secret: i'm angry about everything
tomorrow i'll wake up, breath, think that it's a new day, and then hope so fucking hard that my mom is not in the house anymore
first the angry wave, and then the 'omg i'm just really dumb' wave..... .....and then the wave where i actually leave the computer
everything just has to be over, over, over. most of it is ending tomorrow but some of it will linger and it sucks
well i didn't get any fucking thing done today i feel like a loser
i'm pretty sure i have enough reasons to back up a claim that my life has gone shittier and shittier but right now i feel great
brb pretending not to be dumb and pathetic
basking in the glory of being pathetic
i am a terrible child, but i hope everything turns out ok on friday anyway
all i do is sit here and dream about what i want to be........... without doing anything to get there
i am so confused about myself
math team makes me feel like a dumb fuck
drowning in my own patheticness OH WELL tomorrow's a new day
i don't want to be anywhere
everyday i tell myself i'm going to do a better job tomorrow and it enver happens
school is hard. managing time is hard, self discipline is hard
sometimes i want to cry at that void of darkness swirling infront of me
i am ashamed to say many times during the day i imagine myself turning out to be surprisingly way smarter than everyone else
sometimes it makes me upset/frusterated when people who i value talking to don't value talking to me as much.
i can still do this!! i can i can! goooooooooo
brb wasting entire day on a failed project
i'm a lonely child
i feel like the biggest fucking ass ever
i am so pissed at myself
there is a hole of darkness in front of me and i'm falling into it and all i can feel is despair. it makes me want to have the swine flu
i ahven't been using my brain much lately maybe i should do that
and i am once again reminded of why i don't like social outings also.
in the end, the only thing that i can technically blame is myself
i feel like i'm grasping.. talktometalktometalktome i am lonely and sad and dumb and angry and worried and apprehensive and scared
sometimes i'm scared of not knowing what's going to happen and by sometimes i mean all the times
little things can save me... ...why am i talking like i need saving
it makes me excited when people say hi to me in the hallway because it shows they care enough
blah blah blah i am dumb blah blah what else is new
sometimes when i say it's ok it's because i'm trying to convince myself it is
i am a pro time waster
had an epiphany (?): i'm a lost puppy on an uncontrolable boat
hahahaha sometimes it feels like i have no friends and other times i feel very fortunate about my friends
after an afternoon of emoness i feel ok. which is DECEPTIVE because everything is not ok!! but it's still ok to feel ok
all i do is feel bad about myself all the time it's like my new hobby or something
is it ok that i'm sad i didn't get a 100
today as a whole isn't terrible but there have been many terrible happenings that make me feel bad
i feel like i shoudl start doing stuff but.. .i just can't bring myself to do anything
all i do all day is sit around and wait for time to pass while wishing i was something else
man. i like. COULD do hw, or i could just sit here and be useless. and dread school like i've never dreaded it before
well i'm screwed but i think everone knew that anyway
i think the side of me that is a lazy hermit & the side that is an ambitious nerd are clashing and i just float unproductively in the middle
so unproductive and ... ... i'm like a floating rock, somehow just there and doing ok/pretty well but i don't make any sense at all
i just want to curl into a ball and .. ..stop
i want to close my eyes and have everything be ok
i'm not looking foreward to the rest of my life
when i hold my cat it feels like everything is ok
idk how to express myself anymore
idk right now i want to cry because i feel like the dumbest person ever
12:54 a.m. insecurity strikes
i just want to sleep for a long time
i guess it doesn't help that i have trouble finding words sometimes
maybe she's the reason i'm afraid of having opinions!!
eeeeeeh i'm kind of pathetic. also a little baby.. ..gosh i've ..idek!! i'm gonna go eat al ot of iccream and stuf the television freeway
i want to cry salty tears of bitter sadness and then forget everything ever happened
the worst feeling is not knowing your feelings
all this stuff i nyou and you just don't know how to get it out...
i'm always scared of having opinions because i'm really bad at backing them up
and then i can never explain to people or argue for them and i just get overwhelmed by everyone else and feel so insecure
omgggggg it's hard hearing one friend talk shit about another one...
some.. .feelings are happening right now....
i'm pretty much just coming up with excuses for myself
talk............... ... man nothing feels comfortable anymore this stinks
maybe if someone discovers that it's not my fault i will feel so much better but now it's all just my fault my fault my fault
everything becomes hopeless when you can't trust anything